the thing is like I I didn't notice like
how much just like wait on me until I
just read the email because over the
past few days I had a bit of this like
fear that maybe I don't pass you know
maybe I have to pack up my room maybe I
have to leave all my friends behind and
yeah I don't know what I do man um I
don't have a back-up plan really it was
it was a fee and I felt like you know
over the past two days when I was an
extras I've had a bit like undeserving
because everybody who was there you know
day went to do exams and I was the only
person who didn't know if she got
through her exams
[Music]
hello everyone its Elena and a
veterinary vlog and I'm here with CJ hi
and we are said mates this year oh my
god
it's pretty iconic also we already
became parents a home which is very
special look at our children there's a
very iconic video that we made and when
we got them and I'll just show it to you
guys now yeah we have a vase and because
we don't have any you know skills of
keeping children alive
yeah same we are getting these wonderful
plans which would last forever because
they're big we can like spray it with
perfume so we can pretend they're real
random spree from downstairs it like oh
yeah like a room spray yeah with flowers
I love it so yeah today is our first day
of lectures are we excited very yeah
I've dressed up to like motivate myself
I'm not sure if it's gonna work it's an
attempt we're coming back to the gym
we're gonna give an update yeah so she's
gonna go at 11:00 and I'm gonna go like
now which is like eight um so that I can
sit in the faculty is stalking you
freshers um leaving me like how dare she
and breakfast and I can't come back to
your room after breakfast I could but I
could also sit in the Faculty and stop
the freshers or we could read later know
what our gonna be in there yeah but
we've got plenty of opportunities do you
have like fear being separated so my
plan is I go to the faculty and I'll
hopefully finish my reading some
international law can we both meet to
finish I just have one not to go 11 it
used to be done okay now I'm jealous a
bit more but we get through it and then
we have a few lectures and one lecture
head up wasn't that great so we have
joined forces and we are typing
everything up in a Google Doc and fixing
it I know
like typing say but we're gonna do it
and we're gonna get through it and
that's pretty much the plan for today
just a lot of work let's do it you've
already started work and just stop it so
yeah life of us second-year law student
it's good
you guys have so much look forward to
[Music]
and I'm back in college now so it's
almost 6 p.m. now and I've been quite
productive in the library I gotta say I
finished all of my work for my
international supervision next week and
I'm proud and before you comment me for
printing this being unsustainable I have
to okay my supervisor insists that we
bring papers to our supervision and that
we don't use our laptops or tablets so
I'm bringing paper this is also new for
me and but this is not that rare for
Cambridge they are quite few supervisors
who still assist on paper so I just know
tried to highlight some stuff that's
important and you know take a few notes
on it and yeah I hope that's gonna be
enough um and we're gonna see how my
note-taking on paper looks because I
haven't really taken notes on paper in
quite a while but yeah we're gonna give
it a try so the plan now is I'm gonna
read a little bit just for fun to like
take my mind off academia for a moment
and but it's still about law because
it's Jeremy Hutchins case histories
somebody sent me this book and
unfortunately it was no note with is I
don't know who sent it but thank you so
much for sending this to me
I didn't know what this book existed but
obviously I'd heard of Jeremy Hutchinson
I mean he's a really famous British
lawyer who was involved in some pretty
big cases I'm really excited to read it
and I'm just gonna read a little bit in
it now just you know take a break and I
think then I'm quickly gonna go over to
lecture handouts from today to make sure
that my notes on it are clear and the
one extra hand out where Susan and I
took notes together on it because
yeah it was a little bit it was a little
bit empty for a lecture handout because
it's more of like an overview lecture so
we were worried that we wouldn't be able
to know everything down so that's why we
decided we're just both gonna take notes
and we made it like a table and we're
just going to consolidate that like at
the end of the day and I'm taking the
first two lectures which are on this
lecture handout and I'm just gonna do it
then and he ever Chu Hsu she was gonna
do it so I'm just gonna do that like
after I read a little bit and then later
on I'm gonna get there with some people
from Hong Kong because we have this
thing where we paper from st. John's
College who came here from Hong Kong we
meet up every once in a while we just
grab dinner together and it's just a
nice thing to like talk to other people
who also lives in Hong Kong so that's
why I'm going to evening and I don't
think I'm gonna do more supervision work
I've been productive
I finished my international or
supervision work and I even started my
landlords supervision work so I think
we're doing well at least I hope we're
doing well and yeah that's the plan for
now good morning guys it's the next day
and I didn't really talk to you guys
yesterday because I was really tired um
but the dinner was good and today I'm
trying out this new water bottle that I
got and this was a gift and I was
getting like such an influencer now that
I got free stuff this is the first time
that I like got something for free so
I'm really really grateful to matter who
sent me does um and it's actually really
good because I needed a water bottle
which Ike has like a lid which you can
drink out of which you can here which is
great because my other water bottle
doesn't have that and occasionally yet
it's just like I drink and like I get
the water over which is not that great
but might have a water bottle is bigger
and which is also like a pro for the
everyone because um I treasure it in
water but I'm going to try out this
water bottle today and I put in my rose
flavor which I love I would HIGHLY
highly recommend this it's not sponsored
in any way I just love it because it
tastes really good and you can keep it
in your water bottle for like seven
hours and you can just drink it so you
know you don't have to just drink tap
water while you're in the library which
is quite nice
all sort of new water bottle is matching
with my phone
cos season got me this cover here which
I really love
just saw me talking about it but yeah I
feel like this is like so much in for me
because I mean I love fries um so yeah
the yellow matches they also sent me a
little cup which maybe I'm gonna try out
later but I'm more of like a waterfall
person but yeah thank you so much for
sending this to me and I'm gonna link it
in a box below if you guys are
interested I honestly love the color
everything looks really cool and the lid
is just straight and it doesn't leak
which is the important thing so I would
highly recommend it if you're looking
for a water bottle at the moment and now
I'm gonna get ready and then I'm gonna
go to the battery you get breakfast and
then we're gonna walk to the faculty and
I'm gonna do more work because my
landlord supervision is coming up quite
soon so I gotta finish my work for that
also we had a little accident last night
so our bathroom doesn't exactly look as
it used to it's not a big thing but
basically if we used to have a glass
ping here and you could just you know
put your stuff on the shelf but it broke
away yesterday so now we only have our
toothbrushes and toothpaste here so that
happened and we're gonna ask maintenance
to fix it so the way it works if
anything in your room breaks here in
college you can just email them and they
will come and fix it which is super
super nice so that's what we're doing
and it will probably be fixed like by
next week so yeah now it's time to get
to work
[Music]
[Applause]
and I'm back silently at one lecture so
yeah I'm pretty much done for today was
just great um so I just quickly went to
the battery and they had pizza it looks
a bit weird cuz I had to like squish it
into the takeout box pop trust me it
tastes good and then I also got this
which they had and I I don't know if
this is going to be good I have no idea
it's like yogurt and old clusters it's
like blueberry taste I don't know it
sounds pretty cool in my opinion
um so I'm gonna try this let's see if
it's good um and yeah that's pretty much
my lunch and after that we're gonna get
back to work because I haven't finished
anything
forln law really except for one reading
but yeah but the lecture today was a
land law lecture and I gotta say it
really changed my mind on the subject
because I wasn't very excited about
taking land law and then always the
compulsory subject I'm like in the first
readings that I did in my summer
readings it sounded a bit boring like
very technical and just like look at the
statute and apply the statute and that's
it
but the lecture today already showed
like there's so much more to where and
there like some serious considerations
like regarding justice fairness
certainty and stuff which I didn't
expect from the subject at all so I'm
actually really excited to take it now
and a lot more motivated to do my
readings which is good so here's the
plan for the rest of the day I'm gonna
eat my lunch then I'm gonna do a bit of
work in my room and then I'm gonna go
out and meet up with a friend who I knew
from Germany and we're gonna get some
coffee and also I need to get like
through all the landlord supervision
things because I have free supervisions
next week and I'm only done with one
which is international law so I'm aiming
to finish land law latest by Sunday
today we start with jurisprudence so
that I'm ready for all three super
missions so yeah let's do it
okay I was gonna like you know do like a
time-lapse now but I just found out that
I passed my exams all of them
like literally I put the camera down
check on my phone I cooked for my emails
and there was an email for my director
of studies and she was like good news
about your exams you pass I was like
whoa and oh my god this means so much to
me which is so weird because the exams
are pass/fail that's a very low
then that hit Cambridge like you know
you basically would have to try to fail
in order to fail but the thing is like I
didn't notice like how much just like
wait on me until I just read the email
because over the past few days I had a
bit of this like fear or not maybe I
don't pass you know maybe I have to pack
up my room maybe I have to leave all my
friends behind and yeah I don't know
what I do I don't have a back-up plan
really it was it was a fear and I felt
like you know over the past two days
when I was in lectures I've had a bit
like undeserving because everybody who
was there you know they went through
their exams and I was the only person
who didn't know if she got through her
exams and yeah I hadn't noticed like how
much disaffected me until I just read
the email and like you know like when
you feel like this weight you know going
off your shoulders that's what it was
like um so yeah I'm really really glad
to have these news um all over the
standard is really low it means a lot to
me because honestly last year was not
great for me um putting it mildly
um and you know I'm really proud of
myself for for doing this and I mean I
was very sick during exams if you heard
my voice and my exam blog it was not
great but I went through it and I did it
without complaining and I'm proud of
that so yeah I'm really happy to have
these news unsafe you have no idea how
much this just meant to me I think I'm
now gonna write like a really really
nice thank you to my director studies
you know for making my date
and yeah did it's time to go back to
work
[Music]
hello so it's been a while I did have
coffee with my friend um it was really
good
um I'm like a bit of a hermit as you
know oh it's good yeah it's good if
someone asked me today I leave my room
and not work and Ceaser was so nice she
actually I got me like food from the
chocolate fountain in college
oh yeah can you imagine our college just
like you know organized stuff like a
chocolate fountain for us and you can
just go and get myself for free we love
Don's so yeah now um pretty much the
rest of the day it's just gonna be work
yes but I've got a house party she's got
a house party cuz she's like the social
one of us I've got work and sleeping but
tomorrow we're gonna watch Shane
Dawson's new episode you know I'm so
excited for this honestly I love it love
it too it's such a good series ha we
okay you're doing that tomorrow yeah we
are I nearly forgot Thanks
get to know how high I'm incisions
priority list I'll invite you to my
calendar event oh my god I will be so
honored know that we're gonna watch that
tomorrow so that's maybe good but the
rest of tomorrow will be working because
I only have finished a web one
supervision and I have free next week so
see ya but you she's perverted me I
think so you know we need to get going
good morning guys so CJ and I are on our
way to McDonald yes for breakfast
which is really good I like my girls
oh these she likes something about
McDonald I noticed I just liked it I
just don't go that often like whenever I
asked you you're like can you just mean
young yeah because I like to have a
balanced diet I like a balanced attitude
that's why I sometimes get a burger and
sometimes I get chicken McNuggets
um but yeah there we are thighs on our
way to McDonald's for breakfast also I'm
not wearing makeup because today
nobody's gonna see me cuz I'm just gonna
do work yeah that's my weekend so that's
why I'm looking like crabs ah I'm really
happy so yes so guys we're watching
Shane Dawson syria's eating McDonald's
always did my McDonald's phones here -
um yeah same but is that we're watching
this because Jeffrey star is an icon and
then we're gonna work yay
[Applause]
[Music]
so as you guys can see I migrated I'm so
nervous to being here my knee knock at
my window but it's actually really
comfortable and like I like it you know
I could have done your book and then
just like look at the river which is
lovely so that's pretty much the plan
for arrested by J and that's just what
I'm gonna do
it's kind of hard to film here she's
lying it's there's like barely enough
space for me so I think I'm gonna end
this vlog here but I love this new
studies beds I gotta say it's really
really nice also I feel like using this
bottle so much it's not sponsored like I
don't have to like tell you guys that
it's great I really like it because it
has this lid or you can you know just
like drink outer which I need it and you
connect shows it up and just put it in
your bag and like that's what I need it
if you guys are interested in it I'm
gonna kill any of rocks below to get off
the book which I'm reading at the moment
as always but yeah it's not sponsored I
just like to put her I need a water
bottle so yeah that's really everything
and now I'm hopefully gonna finish
landlord today because God knows I need
to be up thank you so much for watching
this video I hope you enjoyed it have a
nice day bang